Simple and advanced lookup for relationships node references. (#27)
neo4j/docs-dataflow-connector: common-content-dataflow/modules/ROOT/partials/job-specification.adoc

The attributes `start/end_node_reference` contain information about which node targets the relationship links together.
You can specify them in two ways.

[.tabbed-example]
====
[.include-with-simple-lookup]
=====
[source,json]
----
  "start_node_reference": "<nodeTargetName>",
  "end_node_reference": "<nodeTargetName>",
----

- `start_node_reference` (string) -- The name of the node target that acts as _start_ for the relationship.
- `end_node_reference` (string) -- The name of the node target that acts as _end_ for the relationship.

.Example
[source,json]
----
  "start_node_reference": "Persons",
  "end_node_reference": "Movies",
----
=====

[.include-with-advanced-lookup]
=====
[source,json]
----
  "start_node_reference": {
    "name": "<nodeTargetName>",
    "key_mappings": [
      {
        "source_field": "<sourceMappingKey>",
        "node_property": "<nodeTargetMappingKey>"
      }
    ]
  },
  "end_node_reference": {
    "name": "<nodeTargetName>",
    "key_mappings": [
      {
        "source_field": "<sourceMappingKey>",
        "node_property": "<nodeTargetMappingKey>"
      }
    ]
  },
----

> - `start_node_reference` (object) -- The name of the node target that acts as _start_ for the relationship, together with the column name that acts as key in the source (`source_field`) and the imported property that acts as key in the node target (`node_property`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `start_node_reference` (object) -- The name of the node target that acts as _start_ for the relationship, together with the column names that act as keys in the source (`source_field`) and the imported properties that act as keys in the node target (`node_property`).
```

> - `end_node_reference` (object) -- The name of the node target that acts as _end_ for the relationship, together with the column name that acts as key in the source (`source_field`) and the imported property that acts as key in the node target (`node_property`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `end_node_reference` (object) -- The name of the node target that acts as _end_ for the relationship, together with the column names that act as keys in the source (`source_field`) and the imported properties that act as keys in the node target (`node_property`).
```
